Fix typos in .md files (#3748)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/api/basic_json/update.md

??? example

>     One common usecase for this function is the handling of user settings. Assume your application can be configured in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One common use case for this function is the handling of user settings. Assume your application can be configured in
```
